{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red251\green0\blue7;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Error type:
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Undefined function 'ttest' for input arguments of type 'double'.\
"Undefined function" means you are missing function files on your Matlab path.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Example errors:
\f1\fs24 \cf3 \
Undefined function 'ttest' for input arguments of type 'double'.\
\
Error in image_vector/image_similarity_plot (line 391)\
        [h, p, ci, stat] = ttest(z_group);\
\
Undefined function 'prctile' for input arguments of type 'double'.\
\
Error in lighten_underlay_edges (line 18)\
    isdark = Zi < prctile(Zi, k) & Zi >= prctile(Zi, k - 1);\
\

\fs28 \cf2 Solution:
\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 You need the Matlab stats toolbox on your Matlab path\cf3 \
\cf2 \
------------------------------------------------------------------\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Error type:
\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 Matrix dimensions must agree.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Index exceeds matrix dimensions.\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Example errors:
\f1\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Matrix dimensions must agree.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
Error in roc_plot (line 237)\
    meanscores = (input_values(binary_outcome) + input_values(~binary_outcome)) ./ 2;\
\
Error in c2_SVM_contrasts (line 82)\
    ROC = roc_plot(stats.dist_from_hyperplane_xval, logical(cat_obj.Y > 0), 'color', DAT.contrastcolors\{c\}, 'twochoice');\
\
Error in d11_signature_similarity_barplots (line 87)\
        [stats hh hhfill table_group multcomp_group] = image_similarity_plot(DATA_OBJ_CON\{i\}, 'mapset', mapset, 'networknames', netnames, 'average', 'cosine_similarity', 'colors', DAT.colors(i), 'nofigure', 'noplot');\
\
Index exceeds matrix dimensions.\
\
Error in d10_signature_riverplots (line 55)\
for i = 1:length(DATA_OBJ_CON), DATA_OBJ_CON\{i\}.image_names = DAT.contrastnames\{i\}; end\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Solution:
\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 This is a dimension mismatch error. It means that your variables do not line up with one another as expected. The most likely cause is a setup error. For example, if you have specified 7 contrasts but only 6 contrast names and six contrast colors, you will get this type of error.  Check your setup.  This can also happen if you updated your setup file, e.g., prep_1_set_conditions_contrasts_colors, but did not save the updated DAT file.  The script b_reload_saved_matfiles will print warnings for *some* types of dimension mismatch errors, so check the output for that as well.\cf3 \
\cf2 \
------------------------------------------------------------------\cf3 \
\
\
}